#Assassin's Creed Valhalla

Assassin's Creed Valhalla is a 2020 action role-playing video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. 
It is the twelfth major installment in the Assassin's Creed series, 
and the successor to 2018's Assassin's Creed Odyssey. Principally set in the years 872–878 AD,
the game recounts a fictional story during the Viking expansions into the British Isles. 
Players control Eivor Varinsdottir, a Viking raider who becomes embroiled in the centuries-old conflict between the Assassin Brotherhood, 
who fight for peace and liberty, and the Templar Order, who desire peace through control. The modern-day portion of the story is set in the 21st century 
and follows Layla Hassan, an Assassin who relives Eivor's memories so as to find a way to save the Earth from destruction.

The game was released on November 10, 2020, for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Series S, and Stadia, 
whilst the PlayStation 5 version was released on November 12. 
It received generally positive reviews, with praise for the :-
narrative, characters, voice acting, visuals, soundtrack, world-design 
and the interconnectivity of activities, while being criticized for its length, technical issues, repetitive structure 
and reliance on microtransactions over game updates. 
The game had the biggest launch in the Assassin's Creed series to date, selling the most copies within its first week.

Edited Part : AC,AC2,AC3,AC4.

GAMEPLAY:
Assassin's Creed Valhalla is an open-world action-adventure game structured around several main story arcs and numerous optional side-missions, called "World Events".
The player takes on the role of Eivor Varinsdottir a Viking raider, as they lead their fellow Vikings against the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms. 
The player has the choice of playing Eivor as either female or male or letting the game alternate between the two at key moments in the story (with the female avatar depicting Eivor's life[d] and the male avatar depicting the physical appearance of the Isu Odin, due to his connection with Eivor). 
The player is also able to customise Eivor's hair, beard, warpaint, clothing, armor, and tattoos.[7] The variety of weapons available to the player has been expanded to include weapons such as flails and greatswords. Combat has been changed to allow dual-wielding of almost any weapon, including shields,
And every piece of gear that the player collects is unique.The Eagle Vision mechanic of previous titles returns in the form of "Odin Sight".
The player's companion animal is a raven named Sýnin[9] (Old Norse for "insight")[10][e] who can be used to scout the nearby areas, much like previous avian companions had done in Assassin's Creed Origins and Odyssey, 
and other parts of the game world from afar before Eivor engages in combat.There is more focus on the stealth aspects for both traversing the game world and in combat. The "social stealth" concept from earlier Assassin's Creed games returns: 
Eivor can hide from enemies not only in stationary environmental objects but can pull down her hood and slip into certain crowds to use them as cover. Eivor can feign death, use her raven to distract guards, and can access a hidden blade for near-instantaneous assassinations. The game's key bosses all, through specific combinations of approaches, tactics, and weapon selection, are able to be assassinated through a single attack, but still can be defeated through numerous other routes.